Update mstest-update-to-mstestv2.md (#8919)
MicrosoftDocs/visualstudio-docs: docs/test/mstest-update-to-mstestv2.md

## MSTestV1 features that are not supported in MSTestV2

*	Tests cannot be included into an "Ordered Test".
* Changes to the `.testsettings` file:
   * Can no longer be used to configure the adapter.

>    * No longer support the `<LegacySettings>` section, meaning you can't use it to set attributes (e.g. `DeploymentItem`). Use the new [*.runsettings* file](../test/configure-unit-tests-by-using-a-dot-runsettings-file.md) for test run configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * No longer support the `<LegacySettings>` section, meaning you can't use it to set attributes. For example, `DeploymentItem`. Use the new [*.runsettings* file](../test/configure-unit-tests-by-using-a-dot-runsettings-file.md) for test run configuration.
```
